eleanor
A train will be on Line 0 shortly
Please note
Ah ah ah ah
Train departs from line 0
Please note on the door
me
Train will come to shortly No. 1 line
Please note
Hmm
Train departs from Line 1
Please note on the door
A train will be on Line 2 soon
Please note
Hmm
Train departs from line 2
Please note on the door
me
Please be aware that the train will soon be on Line 3
Hmm
Train departs from line 3
Please note on the door
From line 12 Yamabiko
We will depart 97 No. Morioka flights
Next will stop in Shinhanamaki
Please hand-me-down until the yellow line
ana
hey
me
From line 13 Yamabiko
70 for Tokyo it is will depart
Next stop at Isazawa, Mizusawa
Please hand-me-down until the yellow line